we're trying to escape the Fae and I was
in the interstate yeah should show oh
but you have zero I was going literally
like 20 miles an hour on the interstate
on cruise control
yeah we were in the middle of nowhere
it's just a straight fucking path Oh
negative ten degrees I'm like dude if
this fucking stops we're in the Midwest
and it's freezing there's snow yeah it's
like no it's negative to now like maybe
they're negative fucking telling who's
gonna go and get some snacks and he's
gonna fill up the tank so talk to you
guys in a second and torque with you guy
naked I fucking hate you what friends i
I am ashamed to you're just hardly right
now you don't think right Bryan we're
not friends Frank all right we're gonna
catch up with you guys later
shut up no we're going to escape the
cake bury the hatchet or Barney with
falling and rivers flowing rivers
following and also I don't remember the
other dance but yeah that's all
dedicated I am to all these bands
Chelsea Chelsea Chelsea smiles Chelsea
smile
yeah what are the other bands there's no
more survive this survive the survive
piss yes
that's terrible your you should be
ashamed that's disgusting
so we're heading over there yes 511 I
don't know I'm talking either time just
in case we go actually Oh Oh Chris
motionless to be my interview
um okay well are we doing what am I
talking about weird we're going to
objects I have it plugged in right now
so it's kind of hard to film hold it
like this okay Brian what's the theme
we're in Iran right now escape the cake
boy like what
oh so we are driving to John Madden just
Madison yeah they've gone mad and Tiger
Woods Tiger Wood I'm the guy from Chef
Boyardee Robert yeah the Jonas Brothers
and they have a new guy Charlie Charlie
yeah I really we're gonna die
I told Craig I would be there at 5:00
p.m. I know I was trying to get him out
of the fucking hotel room when you look
at the time it is 5:13 you got one day
when we got to you there she got Taco
Bell and I paid for this fuckers dude
so that's cuz I bought you a knife I
bought he bought me an $8 900 mile II
owe you break this pot you motherfucker
it's really showy show you're like right
there look look we're not even like
we're in on Canada why how do you get
out of this place so we're gonna die huh
we should ask him maybe he knows dude he
looks mad he probably doesn't like me
vlogging him but he's really cute so oh
my god I say the gayest shit
I don't care maybe that's good oh sweet
we got extra time
why oh we got extra time they said six
pm oh really
go back inside do you want to talk do
you want to talk rate that he's super
sexy for me oh well maybe I can tell him
you Craig you're really sexy sounds good
wanna lick mine oh my god
straight up who would win in a fight TJ
or a flower fucking stupid question TJ a
flower Oh destroy a flower a giant Venus
flytrap from Mario Brothers poison you
see this in blue this I haven't fucking
getting pumped you see this oh I'll take
down that flower
pulling off his boxer briefs his
erection Springs free holy cow he kneels
up and pulls a condom on to his
considerable length Oh No
will it how you're so deliciously wet
god I want you
he thrusts his finger inside me I cry
out as he does it again and again he
problems my clitoris and I cry out once
more